Github Repo README
======

This is the design starterkit used by Jen Simmons. It's made out of pieces from lots of different places, including HTML5 Boilerplate, http://html5boilerplate.com.

I use Sass and Compass (http://sass-lang.com and http://compass-style.org), so my current Sass file organization best-practices are in here. Since running "compass watch" from the command line seriously bogs down the computer, I use Codekit to compile CSS files (http://incident57.com/codekit). Codekit also has a very handy tool for compiling HTML files from .kit originals. I edit and create .kit files, and the HTML is generated by robots. That way I can change code in the HTML head or the navigation just once, and have it altered in all the html files. If you want to use the .kit files, go download Codekit. Otherwise delete them, and write your own HTML files the regular way.

If you like this, feel free to use it. I'd love to hear what you think. File an issue on Github. Ideas and friendly suggestions are welcome. Corrections of mistakes are welcome, too.

If you don't like this starterkit, then don't use it. No need to waste your time or mine telling me that you hate it. Sure, there are other/better ways to do everything. Go for it. No need to involve me.

Also, these files might be full of random scratch code, mistakes, leftover stuff that wouldn't be there if I had noticed that it's there... so use at your own risk, and use your own brain. Not everything in here is great. If you see something you don't understand, do a Google search on that line of code and you'll likely figure it out. That's how I learn what other people's code does.

Meanwhile, this starterkit will keep evolving. It might suddenly and radically change without warning. I make no promises. It's a tool written just for me. I thought I'd make this repo public in case it's helpful or interesting to anyone else. Looking at other people's HTML/CSS/javascript starterkits has been one of my favorite ways to learn new techniques.

-- Jen 
